CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

## Contributing

[fork]: https://github.com/github/primer/fork
[pr]: https://github.com/github/primer/compare
[style]: http://primercss.io/guidelines/

Hi there! We're thrilled that you'd like to contribute to this project. Your help is essential for keeping it great.

After you open your first pull request, you will be asked to accept [this license agreement](https://cla.github.com/). Let us know in the PR if you have any hesitation or concerns.

## Using the issue tracker

The [issue tracker](https://github.com/primer/primer/issues) is the preferred channel for [bug reports](#bug-reports), [features requests](#feature-requests) and [submitting pull requests](#pull-requests), but please respect the following restrictions:

* Please **do not** use the issue tracker for personal support requests.
* Please **do not** derail or troll issues. Keep the discussion on topic and respect the opinions of others.
* Please **do not** open issues or pull requests regarding the code in [`Normalize`](https://github.com/necolas/normalize.css) (open them in their respective repositories).
  
## Bug reports

A bug is a _demonstrable problem_ that is caused by the code in the repository. Good bug reports are extremely helpful, so thanks!

Guidelines for bug reports:

0. **Validate and lint your code** &mdash; [validate your HTML](http://html5.validator.nu) to ensure your problem isn't caused by a simple error in your own code.

1. **Use the GitHub issue search** &mdash; check if the issue has already been reported.

2. **Check if the issue has been fixed** &mdash; try to reproduce it using the latest `master` or development branch in the repository.

3. **Isolate the problem** &mdash; ideally create a [reduced test case](https://css-tricks.com/reduced-test-cases/) and a live example. [This JS Bin](http://jsbin.com/lefey/1/edit?html,output) is a helpful template.

A good bug report shouldn't leave others needing to chase you up for more information. Please try to be as detailed as possible in your report. What is your environment? What steps will reproduce the issue? What browser(s) and OS experience the problem? Do other browsers show the bug differently? What would you expect to be the outcome? All these details will help people to fix any potential bugs.

Example:

> Short and descriptive example bug report title
>
> A summary of the issue and the browser/OS environment in which it occurs. If
> suitable, include the steps required to reproduce the bug.
>
> 1. This is the first step
> 2. This is the second step
> 3. Further steps, etc.
>
> `<url>` - a link to the reduced test case
>
> Any other information you want to share that is relevant to the issue being reported. This might include the lines of code that you have identified as causing the bug, and potential solutions (and your opinions on their merits).

## Feature requests

Feature requests are welcome. But take a moment to find out whether your idea fits with the scope and aims of the project. It's up to *you* to make a strong case to convince the project's developers of the merits of this feature. Please provide as much detail and context as possible.

## Pull requests

Good pull requests—patches, improvements, new features—are a fantastic help. They should remain focused in scope and avoid containing unrelated commits.

**Please ask first** before embarking on any significant pull request (e.g. implementing features, refactoring code, porting to a different language), otherwise you risk spending a lot of time working on something that the project's developers might not want to merge into the project.

Adhering to the following process is the best way to get your work included in the project:

1. Fork and clone the repository
2. Configure and install the dependencies: `bower install`
3. Create a new branch: `git checkout -b my-branch-name`
4. Make your change, add tests, and make sure the tests still pass
5. Push to your fork and [submit a pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request/)
6. Pat your self on the back and wait for your pull request to be reviewed and merged.

Here are a few things you can do that will increase the likelihood of your pull request being accepted:

- Follow the [style guide][style].
- Keep your change as focused as possible. If there are multiple changes you would like to make that are not dependent upon each other, consider submitting them as separate pull requests.
- Write a [good commit message](http://tbaggery.com/2008/04/19/a-note-about-git-commit-messages.html).

## Resources

- [Contributing to Open Source on GitHub](https://guides.github.com/activities/contributing-to-open-source/)
- [Using Pull Requests](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/)
- [GitHub Help](https://help.github.com)

Commit message:

Add code of conduct to contributing guidelines

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

## Contributing

[fork]: https://github.com/github/primer/fork
[pr]: https://github.com/github/primer/compare
[style]: http://primercss.io/guidelines/

Hi there! We're thrilled that you'd like to contribute to this project. Your help is essential for keeping it great.

This project adheres to the [Open Code of Conduct][code-of-conduct]. By participating, you are expected to honor this code.
[code-of-conduct]: http://todogroup.org/opencodeofconduct/#Primer/opensource@github.com.

After you open your first pull request, you will be asked to accept [this license agreement](https://cla.github.com/). Let us know in the PR if you have any hesitation or concerns.

## Using the issue tracker

The [issue tracker](https://github.com/primer/primer/issues) is the preferred channel for [bug reports](#bug-reports), [features requests](#feature-requests) and [submitting pull requests](#pull-requests), but please respect the following restrictions:

* Please **do not** use the issue tracker for personal support requests.
* Please **do not** derail or troll issues. Keep the discussion on topic and respect the opinions of others.
* Please **do not** open issues or pull requests regarding the code in [`Normalize`](https://github.com/necolas/normalize.css) (open them in their respective repositories).
  
## Bug reports

A bug is a _demonstrable problem_ that is caused by the code in the repository. Good bug reports are extremely helpful, so thanks!

Guidelines for bug reports:

0. **Validate and lint your code** &mdash; [validate your HTML](http://html5.validator.nu) to ensure your problem isn't caused by a simple error in your own code.

1. **Use the GitHub issue search** &mdash; check if the issue has already been reported.

2. **Check if the issue has been fixed** &mdash; try to reproduce it using the latest `master` or development branch in the repository.

3. **Isolate the problem** &mdash; ideally create a [reduced test case](https://css-tricks.com/reduced-test-cases/) and a live example. [This JS Bin](http://jsbin.com/lefey/1/edit?html,output) is a helpful template.

A good bug report shouldn't leave others needing to chase you up for more information. Please try to be as detailed as possible in your report. What is your environment? What steps will reproduce the issue? What browser(s) and OS experience the problem? Do other browsers show the bug differently? What would you expect to be the outcome? All these details will help people to fix any potential bugs.

Example:

> Short and descriptive example bug report title
>
> A summary of the issue and the browser/OS environment in which it occurs. If
> suitable, include the steps required to reproduce the bug.
>
> 1. This is the first step
> 2. This is the second step
> 3. Further steps, etc.
>
> `<url>` - a link to the reduced test case
>
> Any other information you want to share that is relevant to the issue being reported. This might include the lines of code that you have identified as causing the bug, and potential solutions (and your opinions on their merits).

## Feature requests

Feature requests are welcome. But take a moment to find out whether your idea fits with the scope and aims of the project. It's up to *you* to make a strong case to convince the project's developers of the merits of this feature. Please provide as much detail and context as possible.

## Pull requests

Good pull requests—patches, improvements, new features—are a fantastic help. They should remain focused in scope and avoid containing unrelated commits.

**Please ask first** before embarking on any significant pull request (e.g. implementing features, refactoring code, porting to a different language), otherwise you risk spending a lot of time working on something that the project's developers might not want to merge into the project.

Adhering to the following process is the best way to get your work included in the project:

1. Fork and clone the repository
2. Configure and install the dependencies: `bower install`
3. Create a new branch: `git checkout -b my-branch-name`
4. Make your change, add tests, and make sure the tests still pass
5. Push to your fork and [submit a pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request/)
6. Pat your self on the back and wait for your pull request to be reviewed and merged.

Here are a few things you can do that will increase the likelihood of your pull request being accepted:

- Follow the [style guide][style].
- Keep your change as focused as possible. If there are multiple changes you would like to make that are not dependent upon each other, consider submitting them as separate pull requests.
- Write a [good commit message](http://tbaggery.com/2008/04/19/a-note-about-git-commit-messages.html).

## Resources

- [Contributing to Open Source on GitHub](https://guides.github.com/activities/contributing-to-open-source/)
- [Using Pull Requests](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/)
- [GitHub Help](https://help.github.com)
