docs/layout.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Layout
---

Primer's layout includes basic page containers and a single-tiered, fraction-based grid system. That sounds more complicated than it really is though—it's just containers, rows, and columns.

You can find all the below styles in `_layout.scss`.

## Contents

* Will be replaced with the ToC, excluding the "Contents" header
{:toc}

## Container

Center your page's contents with a `.container`.

{% highlight html %}
<div class="container">
  <!-- contents here -->
</div>
{% endhighlight %}

The container applies `width: 980px;` and uses horizontal `margin`s to center it.

## Grid

The grid is pretty standard—you create rows with `.columns` and individual columns with a column class and fraction class. Here's how it works:

- Add a `.container` to encapsulate everything and provide ample horizontal gutter space.
- Create your outer row to clear the floated columns with `<div class="columns">`.
- Add your columns with individual `<div class="column">`s.
- Add your fractional width classes to set the width of the columns (e.g., `.one-fourth`).

In practice, your columns will look like the example below.

{% example html %}
<div class="container">
  <div class="columns">
    <div class="one-fifth column">
      .one-fifth
    </div>
    <div class="four-fifths column">
      .four-fifths
    </div>
  </div>

  <div class="columns">
    <div class="one-fourth column">
      .one-fourth
    </div>
    <div class="three-fourths column">
      .three-fourths
    </div>
  </div>

  <div class="columns">
    <div class="one-third column">
      .one-third
    </div>
    <div class="two-thirds column">
      .two-thirds
    </div>
  </div>

  <div class="columns">
    <div class="one-half column">
      .one-half
    </div>
    <div class="one-half column">
      .one-half
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
{% endexample %}

Commit message:

Add docs for .centered class to Layout & Utilities doc sections

docs/layout.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Layout
---

Primer's layout includes basic page containers and a single-tiered, fraction-based grid system. That sounds more complicated than it really is though—it's just containers, rows, and columns.

You can find all the below styles in `_layout.scss`.

## Contents

* Will be replaced with the ToC, excluding the "Contents" header
{:toc}

## Container

Center your page's contents with a `.container`.

{% highlight html %}
<div class="container">
  <!-- contents here -->
</div>
{% endhighlight %}

The container applies `width: 980px;` and uses horizontal `margin`s to center it.

## Grid

The grid is pretty standard—you create rows with `.columns` and individual columns with a column class and fraction class. Here's how it works:

- Add a `.container` to encapsulate everything and provide ample horizontal gutter space.
- Create your outer row to clear the floated columns with `<div class="columns">`.
- Add your columns with individual `<div class="column">`s.
- Add your fractional width classes to set the width of the columns (e.g., `.one-fourth`).
- Columns can be [centered](/utilities/#centering-content) by adding `.centered` to the `.column` class.

In practice, your columns will look like the example below.

{% example html %}
<div class="container">
  <div class="columns">
    <div class="one-fifth column">
      .one-fifth
    </div>
    <div class="four-fifths column">
      .four-fifths
    </div>
  </div>

  <div class="columns">
    <div class="one-fourth column">
      .one-fourth
    </div>
    <div class="three-fourths column">
      .three-fourths
    </div>
  </div>

  <div class="columns">
    <div class="one-third column">
      .one-third
    </div>
    <div class="two-thirds column">
      .two-thirds
    </div>
  </div>

  <div class="columns">
    <div class="one-half column">
      .one-half
    </div>
    <div class="one-half column">
      .one-half
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
{% endexample %}
